we start the movie and we know that dom
spends his honeymoon with letty in cuba
and then starts a race with his cousin's
slow car
and the car is burning and
in the end dom win the race
and in some day dom meets cipher who is
considered one of the most
powerful hackers and she threatens him
because she kidnapped elena and made him
work for her against his team
at the same time hobbs know about the
magnetic wave weapon that exist in
berlin
and this is the same weapon that cipher
wants
so they went to their mission and
completed the task
but they were shocked by dom who turned
against them and took the weapon
after hitting hobbs after that hobbs
went to jail and he refused the help
from mr nobody
[Music]
but he did not sit much in prison
because they put him in front of deckard
shaw
and mr nobody helped them he opened the
prison doors
and it became a long fight
[Music]
and they were shocked that mr nobody was
waiting for them
and he took them to his new base and
explained to them more about cipher and
her cooperation with
dom and they were surprised that deckard
would work with them and they
used the god's eye to know the location
of cipher
and suddenly cipher and dom attacked
them and she was
talked from them the god's eye device
and she threatened dom more after
shocked him with his son who did not
know anything about him
and she used the god's eye and located
the location of the russian minister of
defense
who has the code of activation nuclear
bombs and dom began his mission and
took five minutes to meet with deckard
show mother
who agreed with her on a certain plan
returned to complete his mission and
cipher controlling many cars and
besieging the russian minister up
defense and dom took the code and his
mission succeeded
and a meeting took place between him and
his old team and they tried to stop him
and it became a violent fight
between them but dom got rid of them and
he completed his mission
but unfortunately cipher killed elena
and dom cried and after the
investigations they made
that were able to know cipher's
intentions which wants to control the
russian submarine with the bomb
so they gathered at the russian military
base dom
came and turn on the electromagnetic
wave weapon
and he enter and cipher began to hacking
the submarine at the same time the team
intervened and controlled the situation
of the bombs after they pulled out the
control chip
so their plans were to close the dam and
prevent the submarine from getting out
of this place
[Music]
in the same time dick and his brother
owen get into cipher plane
[Music]
and owen was able to control the plane
and his brother
deckard was able to take dom's son and
start the action and defend the boy
finally he reached cipher but
unfortunately
she jumped out of the plane and ran away
dom returned back to his team and he
helped them and directed the missile
that was directed at them to the
submarine
and they blew up the submarine and their
mission succeeded
[Music]
and they reconciled with deckard shaw
and dom
announced the name of his son brian and
they clapped and began to pray
[Music]
you